This is the Python lab instructions video.
When you're building a house,
there's a blueprint of the house made first,
to outline construction prior to beginning building the house.
When writing a complex program for work or for fun,
you too will want a blueprint that outlines
the tasks you need to complete with your program.
One way to create a blueprint is to write
an outline of the task you'll need to complete with your program.
Next, you'll use this outline to draft the program with comments, and functions stubs.
Where a functions stub contains the function name,
definition in doc string,
but the task the function performs have been left undefined.
With this lab will provide you with both the program outline,
and the blueprint to help you complete the lab more quickly.
Additionally, these materials provide an example
of both to help you with your future programs.
In the lab instructions,
you'll find the program outline,
and check images program itself,
is the blueprint for the actual program.
To complete this lab, you'll edit check images,
defining all the functions,
such that the final program will achieve
the four objectives outlined in the lab instructions.
You'll be editing check images in the lab workspace.
All changes you make to check images in the workspace will always be saved,
even when you log out after making the change.
You may want to have one browser window open to the lesson,
and another browser window open to the lab workspace to make it
easier to switch between the lab workspace, and the lessons.
Once you've finished reading over the lab instructions,
click on over to the workspace 'How to' to learn how to use the lab workspace.